hey everybody welcome back to normal and
plays The Binding of Isaac an afterbirth
plus where I'm playing pretty well the
runs have been good but we've also this
is where it gets dicey yeah the runs
have been good except for the last run
which was just ok but it's not like
that's a big deal
Jeff P Jeff Patterson to the province of
Vancouver Canucks sports rider 77 H I
don't know what the heck that stands for
Judas is always a scary value
proposition though it's like the only
time you ever want to see an HP upgrade
in your first item room let's see if we
can get lucky what's not an HP upgrade
in fact two questions oh my god it took
45 seconds into the episode we get a
freaking skype message this one is
there's no conspiracy to be had here my
boy Austin just woke up and said yes
that's fine to our conversation of when
we're going to play players on known
battlegrounds tonight what a strange
coincidence though I can't fault anybody
for waking up late I'm still riding this
high of like coming back from Eastern
Standard Time so I'm waking up at like
8:00 a.m. Vancouver time all 8:00 a.m.
Vancouver time must be nice I wake up at
the 401 a.m. every single day either I
get it okay we all we all wake up at
different times Indy if you ever heard
me be like oh it was a hard day I only
got eight hours of sleep last night I'm
aware I'm in a lucky position where I
could make my own hours it's not an
affluenza sort of thing I mean I haven't
paid my dues to the extent that the
average person works like a nine-to-five
job as but you know I've done that I
worked as a mover for a little while
literally one day that day I had to get
up at 5:00 a.m. that was a I was a rough
one and then you know office jobs that
go 8:30 to 4:30 you know you got to wake
up at like 6:45 hop in the shower and
they walked to work add rest assured
I've done my time and I was never late I
pride myself on being an extremely
punctual individual it's a city I mean
it might seem comical given the fact
that the NL SS is sometimes a little
late but that's due to the the nature of
human cooperation where you
if one person has to do something and
I'm not saying it's it's my cohost that
are causing the problems it's the nature
of cooperation that cooperation usually
makes things that are Monday and take
longer you know if you if you got to do
something by yourself if it's like a to
show up to the bar around 8:00 I'll be
there at 7:00 59 59 if it's can you pick
up my friend and then show up to the bar
around 8:00 it's like okay build it in
8:20 at best because they're gonna you
get there at 7:52 in their lair there's
no street parking around and then you
try to find you know some street parking
by the time you finally park you go in
and they're like I've been taking a
shower yet is it okay if I take a shower
then we stopped at the drive-through
before we go I wouldn't want to go there
on an empty stomach it adjusts light
goes on and on
please give me a key so I can survive
let's freaking go look at that it's
going to say something's not right here
um this gives us Book of Revelations
which first off gives us bookworm right
off the banks we started with book of
Belial but then more importantly it also
gives us a spear at heart so we actually
have a temporary enhanced chance of
survival so obviously we're still in the
market for more spirit hearts if
possible and this is a good opportunity
to have that come to fruition and indeed
that is what happened so it's actually
like a really really good turn of events
on this floor and I've earned this one
maybe I'm worth it more if I flip I'm
not trying to say oh we need to we need
a bomb for that I'm not trying to say
that it's been the hardest run of all
time but we had no HP on the first floor
and we fought rag man that's hard enough
to be like you know a little nervous
about the situation I think so I'm going
to go to the shop a bomb is a great
purchase there is no bomb I will buy
another spirit heart and a hope that a
bomb shows up because a bomb is a great
purchase here and we had very little to
worry about in the interim period though
we also know what vas were going to be
fighting that was a nasty hit there
might have been from a champion action
oh it was from a fire so we should be
okay but a bomb is going to give us a
golden bomb and then hopefully spirit
arts wouldn't turn on my nose
smaller out though a golden bomb now
allows us to go nuts on this donation
machine we don't want pause we I should
poop us all right but Guppies head is
the same or better and the same goes for
the straw rubber cement is just okay
little brim was like the perfect get
there rubber cement has some fans no
doubt about it but at least from like
a-tryin to ensure our survival
standpoint I think you got to give some
respect to little brim here which is
going to help us out a lot especially at
range which is very important for us
right now did you have to though like
it's a little okay sure but you know
what we did get one bomb out of it which
is not valuable immediately but could be
valuable in the near future so now that
we got bombs and a couple of keys do we
care about getting those I think I'm
going to spend one key to get book of
secrets and hopefully find secret rooms
which we didn't but we also didn't
really need to do that because we have
unlimited bombs but kind of hedging our
bets that maybe we'll eventually be able
to create a library out of the situation
I don't know we're probably going to
blow this up because the odds of us
getting more HP are pretty low hilarious
nobody like the honest to goodness truth
you know we're going to give away some
HP for a deal with the devil so it's
pretty unlikely that we're going to love
what we have right now irrigate we're
ever going to do better than what we
have right now for HP is what I mean to
suggest okay even though I said the
exact opposite I know it's confusing
sometimes it's confusing for me too the
number one confusing thing right now
though is that I have no idea how much
HP I have but it must be two-and-a-half
non red hearts and then one red heart I
think is the way that it's shaping up
right now one leg in the red heart is
full so we know we're going to get an
orbital here and be pretty happy about
it we could stomach a Krampus fight but
I would much rather just get like
Abaddon 9lives mark packed you know
sometimes empty vessels anything that
gives us HP while also allowing us to
kind
a little bit dark bomb probably fits the
bill but it doesn't give us any damage
so there's a problem there but you know
otherwise relatively good situation we I
was way off we had four and a half
special hearts so we got not too much to
worry about a good you know the nether
we're out of that we can start talking
about stuff that's not related I think
it took me a little while to get there
but you know Edmond has a new game
coming out on July the 12th it sounds
like it's a sponsored video but really
it's just exciting I think I talked
about this in an earlier eyes gibbous
ode but you know if you put yourself in
Ed's shoes I mean people are going to
play the world's tiniest violin because
obviously Isaac has been a massive
success and you know especially when
when Isaac came out the the original
Isaac in 2011 indie games were still in
this kind of like darling period where
it was like oh my god this is going to
change the way the industry works
forever and then a lot of people put
their jobs to form their own independent
studios and there have been some massive
successes that have come out of that but
then there's also we've kind of seen
like a pull back on that recently like
obviously there are some games that are
independent and successful but take a
lot of those experiments have kind of
proven to be unsustainable and we're
kind of moving back away from that era
to some extent so I'm just saying this
to illustrate that you know it is a
privilege to be able to work on a game
and have it not only provide you with
you know steady employment for the
course of like several years which is a
rarity in the industry in these day and
age there in this day and age as an
indie developer I think but then also of
course to have it you know be so
successful is is really sweet analog
stick is fine however at the same time
you know you also you didn't need it you
know super meatboy did really well he
kind of thought it looks do a I'm not
going to speak for it necessarily but
the way I understand it is you know we
kind of thought I got this cool little
like roguelite idea that riffs on the
original Legend of Zelda a little bell
just work on that for like six months
put it out and then here we are five or
six years late
and finally he's free you know he's
worked on some other stuff in the
meantime but Isaac is definitely from my
perspective at least been the major
thing so it's cool for him that he gets
to release something else now and he's
you know he's got Bumbo and super
meatboy forever and stuff like that are
coming up on the horizon but we're
living in very much like a post active
Isaac update community except for the
fact that there's new booster packs and
stuff like that coming out I'm excited
to play that looks a lot like Super Meat
Boy and I think the thing people forget
is that yeah I mean Edmond in terms of
like his visual style is very
distinctive but I think like every game
he made or designed I should say before
The Binding of Isaac after birth was her
desert Binding of Isaac in general is a
platformer like Gish was a platformer
physics-based and time you know
four-letter word hewi sticks except with
an F was a puzzle platformer
I guess aether wasn't really it was kind
of I mean you sort of platformer but
anyway I'm excited to see another Edmund
McMillen platformer I guess is what I'm
trying to say technically I guess
fingered was nothing like that either
but I kind of got the impression that
fingered was more like okay my last like
Game Jam project spun out of control now
I'm just going to make another one that
like might do okay but it's definitely
not going to be like twelve years of
development when neither was Isaac but
anyway I'm excited I'm excited for a lot
I'm excited about video games as weird
as that might sound I'm normally not
cynical but I'm kind of I'm immune to
like the hype machine to some extent
like whenever we have an e3 I'm always
the guy who is like well you know it's a
pre-rendered demo when everyone goes
just let me be excited and they got a
point but I also have a point in that
you're being sold to your shields but
anyway the point is I'm excited dude I'm
excited to play more stuff on the switch
splatoon 2 comes out in like two weeks
as well I never picked up arms I tried
twice
I was never super motivated to do so but
I was at the drugs
or twice and they have like a terrible
electronic section but they still do
cell games and both times I was there I
was like if they have arms I'm just
going to buy it it'll be like an impulse
purchase that's slightly premeditated
it's like a second degree game purchase
but they neither time they had a data
poster that said arms but they never had
arms nor do they have any games on
switch despite having a lot of switch
games on the poster but I don't know
what's up with that either way you know
it saved me 60 bucks I heard the game
was like decent but I I'm I feel like
I'm I'm ready for splatoon to I'm ready
to lose online to like you know Japanese
ten-year-olds in a way that is very
emasculating very embarrassing for me
but teaches me something about the
pursuit of happiness I don't know there
is no easy way to tidy way to wrap that
up you know what I mean I never played
splatoon one but I watched Kate play a
little bit of it I mean mostly it exists
and that's why I want it you ever have
that a lot of logical reasons to not
want something happened to me all the
time I used to get like added a
subscription in Nintendo Power when I
was a kid because I didn't understand
you know objective journalism we got a
try for I didn't care about objective
journalism I guess as well back then
let's get a car battery here is going to
be very nice but anyway
and like a game would come out and you'd
be like that looks cool and then in the
review they'd be like this is like a six
and you'd be like okay but I still want
it I can't explain it talk to my friends
one of my friends was a very rational
game purchaser he was like you shouldn't
get that it's only got like on
gamerankings it's only got an 81 why not
get this it's got like an 84 I was like
I can't explain it for some reason I
just feel like I need to get NFL
quarterback Club 98 instead of I'm
trying to think of a sports game from
that era that was actually good the
early days of 3d we're not necessarily
a great era for sports video games but
anyway I had that didn't stop me from
having a lot of them and I can't do this
you see this is this is the worst deal
in the history of deals I don't know
about this run dude I'm starting to I'm
starting to get downright inquisitive
because we're low on a couple of stats
that are pretty important damage for one
HP oh we had good use on Sue's as a 10
out of 10 well I just got back from my
three-hour time zone difference two days
ago so you guys I'm still feeling the
jet lag pretty bad I'm going to be good
at Isaac again for another six weeks or
so you know what they say it's one week
for every half-hour of time difference
probably not true jet lag is a real
thing but I'm not it I got how roasted
so hard last time for coming back and
talking about jet lag we were like every
video you talk about jet lag well for a
while it was a dominating characteristic
in my life you know and I we come back
from Japan a 10 hour time difference
people are like jet LAG's not that bad
it first up if you're under the age of
like probably if you're under the age of
40 and you're otherwise healthy you
don't get to talk about other people's
you know bodily functions Oh
lupus isn't really that bad you know you
say that I know some of you out there
watches like 16 years old you have a
diet consists of cheeseburgers and
Doritos and then you still got a
six-pack somehow and you're going to try
to tell me you're like the average
person you know I've lived that it's
less than ten years ago I lived that I
was able to live that lifestyle to some
extent at least now you people would be
like I got a headache today I get
migraines wine creams you know these
people in parts of the world getting the
limbs blown off due to mortar fire but I
guess I'll have sympathy because your
migraine you know how dare they try to
say that they got something going on in
their life that's you know yeah I got my
own problems okay the Montreal Canadiens
just traded Jaroslav Halak instead of
Kerry
what a stupid decision Carrie price is
never going to be a legal tender the NHL
and Jaroslav Halak just backstopped us
to a surprise win over the Washington
Capitals and Pittsburgh Penguins in the
2002 NHL playoffs how stupid could you
be so yeah where we all got problems
okay look stop walking on the spikes
thank you very much but you know Jay
legs real I'm actually not jet-lagged
much and that makes sense because I was
only away for three hours but I will say
the first few times I flew like decent
distances I was under the impression
that jet lag not that it didn't exist
necessarily but that some people always
made it to be like a big deal then I got
a little older and I was like what's
that general feeling of malaise and
nausea I have room returning from a
place whose timezone is different than
my own just a little little like 10:00
p.m. nausea I'm getting right now
because my brain is like it's 2:00 a.m.
and when you were in the Eastern time
zone you were going to bed at like 10:00
p.m. so you stand up way too late but
it's still bright outside it's a little
confusing and it doesn't stay bright
till 11:00 here but it does would people
come to Vancouver they go it stays
bright out real late I recognize it's
the summertime
I'm just saying even relative to other
parts of the world I've been to at least
a tear delayed and lower here but stays
bright out like crazy here dude it's
like I was cat sitting for my friend as
I mentioned that you know maybe for I
mentioned the in the apology video was
cam sitting for my friend and I was like
I really want to get over to his place
before it gets dark
I don't know if cats processed things on
this level but he's been away like the
owners been away for a couple of days
maybe he thinks like if the Sun sets
he's never going to come back or
something I don't know it's a very sweet
thing to think about at least so I was
like I got to get over there before it
gets dark
started driving over there like 9:25
p.m. still dusk it was it was a luxury
that cannot always be afforded I suppose
if we gone to the cursor I got a check
we have not gone to the curse room even
though it turned out badly at
least it wasn't a duplicate check here
yo where's the item room though starting
to get real nervous dude been up this is
necro one yeah half we I don't have a
curse the maze thing going on here as
well do I I didn't take a question mark
- I remember this sure that we've done
this room I did I just not take what was
in the item room because it was an
active item I know the shop was dad's
key this is why this is my least
favorite curse curse of the blind eye I
think I've checked this ten times yeah
curse of the blind eye except because it
leads to you picking up items that you
wouldn't otherwise pick up and that's
sort of cool curse of the lost is just
annoying spend your whole time being
like that I go to this room that I go to
this room and yeah sure does it carry a
penalty yeah it actually does it makes
it less likely I'll get to fight a boss
I hate slightly later on or less likely
that I'll get my choice of four items
slightly later on so you know I just
think I think it's a bad curse I'm just
going to level with you it's an annoying
curse which is one of the reasons I
think that it's bad it's annoying in a
way that I find very unproductive by the
way stoked to get the halo even though
it's not a huge upgrade it's an upgrade
in basically every category except tears
right now so certainly not against it
and we might still be able to do boss
stress regardless so I actually think
that we have boss rush you get two
charges per wave and boss rush now and
we've got a car battery so every wave of
boss rush is twelve flies which is
twenty four times 5.5 one damaged so
you're looking at like you know a
hundred and thirtysomething damage per
play enough to kill both of the bosses
in the wave probably not we use our
strength card though we crank that
number up a little bit you will never
get this he got it but enough to make a
dent to maybe make it worth picking up
one item that's it would have to be well
above average it couldn't just be like
well this is a half-decent item let's go
for it but if you have a little brim as
well which is quite nice see what else
we can get here empress better or worse
than strength still to this day these
are equivalent in my eyes and take
duality actually fairly likely to make
something happen with duality the reason
the strength card is better is because
of the HP get so let's try that kind of
a bit of a lark there to try to get
magic mushroom mini mush but that's okay
I'm glad I'm glad these runs are sort of
becoming more average and that this
really is an average kind of setup right
now even though we got a little brim and
dark bomb our stats are not out of
control particularly HP has never led us
like rest on our laurels so you ever
have that happen where like I've
definitely had to Adam recently where
I've taken some classes where the
marking has been like a little easier
like I take some classes that are meant
for students and I'm a part-time student
basically but I take some classes that
are meant for full-time students but at
night so these are like real classes and
I take some classes that are meant for
part-time students and usually the level
of marking is like way harder and the
ones that are meant for full-time
students so taking a few semesters of
stuff that was like all part-time
classes and I was like I'm the best
person that's ever learned this ever so
the questions on you know the tests that
you get are like you know what does oo P
stand for in your locate OPP how can I
explain this we'll take it frame by
frame this o is for object the other
always for oriented program
the other P well that's not that simple
yet the I see it's a reference to
Naughty by Nature is that that's not
even nature yeah okay so I mean I don't
know let's roll diplopia it's a double
diplopia I don't even know if this works
we will not make boss rush don't sweat
it
it would be nice to have a teleport card
but we're not going to make boss rush at
least try to go to the shop you do
something good with diplopia here and
then you take the course that's you know
meant for the full-time students who
spend like eight hours a day
well optimistically learning this stuff
and then they're like okay so what
happens if you down cast a null pointer
to be a pulsar a pointer of the static
casted does void type and you go out
prints out the the reference address of
the object stored at that memory I know
you idiot it prints out a prints out a
compiler error because you've got a
runtime stack overflow you idiot and you
oh of course
of course that's what it does my mistake
okay so I mean doubling restock and the
shovel does almost nothing I'll gives us
a free restock and then a free shovel
which we would borderline have to take
because we'd get it rid of diplopia and
it's almost worth giving it a shot I
think because it does give you a it does
give you a good incentive to go to the
hush fight oh that's the great gravy
right there on you guys didn't learn
about the great gravy in Sunday school
Sunday school look so I'm being an idiot
here but I'm willing to chance it come
on dog the thing is yeah we got to do it
now so the reason I say that is because
we can now buy spirit hearts from the
shop did you did you eat it
you can buy a lot of spirit arts from
the shop hopefully is the idea wow this
actually worked it was a weird use of
diplopia and the shovel is like
definitely not as good as Guppies head
is but that's okay because now we can
just leave and go back and get Guppies
head now with any of this worth it not
too an overarching degree I would
suggest no but I'd say it didn't
necessarily turn out too badly because
we also still get another item here we
don't care at all about BOGO bombs or
unicorn horn oh my Lanta okay so we'll
take crooked penny hell and it just
keeps getting weirder because we have
car battery swallowed penny which is
actually crooked penny so things are
going to be mighty strange but let's you
know pick up some spirit hearts we got
here strength then it one of them worked
in one of them didn't so as far as I'm
concerned why wouldn't we take mom's
knife right now it's not like your tears
are really anything to speak of and then
we still have an item back here because
oh we do but doesn't really do anything
for us unless this gives us another
guppy transformation which I don't
believe that it does
okay so let's at this point move on it's
been very strange but not not just not
bad it was actually incredibly good
Empress Empress right okay
fool fool fool hermit okay I don't know
why not dude a free restock when we
already have one
sure what was the point of that well it
did give us another set of consumables
dropped but that's not worth too much I
suppose wow we found our boss room right
away so this might be a hush worthy run
just by virtue of the kind of weirdness
of gotten ourselves into here anyway the
tangent that I was going on
with yeah I've been I'm happy to have
some slightly more average runs here
obviously we're going to try to you know
go for broke
just for weirdnesses sake but I'm happy
to have some slightly more average runs
because I was getting I was starting to
think that I was too good at the game
which obviously like let's not be
ridiculous instead I'm being put back in
my place a little bit which is important
you know I think the highest mark you
should be allowed to give is a b-plus no
you know I'll tell you what in special
circumstances you can give out an
a-minus because you know when you're
when you're an adult and you get an A+
you're proud when you're a kid you get
an A+ it just sets an expectation you
know an expectation that you know this
is I'm an A+ sort of boy or girl now I
think that the highest mark you should
be able to get is an a-minus because
that you know it's really the mark that
says I did well but you could do better
and that might sound draconian and it is
extremely but it sends the message that
you should always keep pushing you know
struggle is a uniquely well it's not
uniquely human virtue but you know it's
a it's a human virtue to be like like
you might say well you should just relax
sometimes yeah no I don't disagree
should I you know everything in
moderation including moderation right
but at the same time can you rest on
your laurels because you got you know
all a-pluses and fourth grade
Maddog all a pluses in fourth grade is
like all a minuses in fifth grade is
like you know you're getting to see
pluses by sixth grade you know you
always got to got to keep pushing you
got to get used to the push Wow
thank you for the range upgrade your
tube guy your jutsu gang Wow really I'm
a little perturbed but I will fight hush
for reasons I don't know because I got
the time basically you're too gained
crystally you're too blind okay well you
should have used to it
earlier probably but so first things
first I'll eat your brains then I'll
start rocking gold teeth and fangs
because that's what a mother effing
monster do young money on the verse we
the monster crew it's a lot of do a lot
of words in that song not all of them
are safe for work
let's see work at a swear factory so we
get bum friends and boom ready or not
here come the boys from the south I
don't know about you guys but I got to
say here comes the boom probably one of
the top 5 movies Kevin Smith has ever
made I mean obviously you got the blood
verse and then I now pronounce you chuck
and Larry the nice little indie film
good message in that is that love
conquers all and don't be a friend don't
be afraid to pretend that you're a
different sexual orientation to not get
prosecuted for tax evasion something
like I've never seen it let's be honest
I don't know if I count the grown ups
extended universe in the in the Canon
because I've never seen those I have
seen here comes the boom though ok don't
mind this one I did ironic isn't it here
comes the boom you see
speedball got to be getting close to
spun check it and see I got a Z there
the hundred in three come on baby don't
you do more than dance crew not bad not
bad
um the spirit heart I think and then we
might as well gonna go bottom that's
pretty bad and top wow it's a lot of
bomb related items I could not care less
about alrighty then obviously I don't
actually believe that you should only
give out a minuses I'm just saying you
know you ever here's a question I
actually I want a real answer to this is
one of those things I think people have
wondered about no I'm not saying like
great minds have wondered about it I
think it's one of those things people
wonder but they don't have the means to
get an answer and I'm hoping that maybe
someone here works in college at college
admissions at the registrar's office by
the way change that word its registrar
what are we a freak in space alien
Society where did this word come from
Stra our registrar maybe as a Canadian
thing anyway point is do universities
and colleges look at the high school
that you went to and apply a factor
based on what the expected ease of
marking is at that high school because
here's what I'm getting at at least in
in Canada and at least in science I
can't speak to anything broader than
that but your first year of science at
least my first year of science of my
university which was at the time ranked
well within Canada with basically all
right so we don't know where everybody's
come from we're going to rehash like
calculus and linear algebra biology
chemistry physics and get everybody to
roughly the same level and then second
third and fourth year got more
intermediate and I mean advanced on a
bachelor's level
you get the idea so effectively it
didn't really matter if you had super
foundational knowledge coming in as long
as you had the marks to back it up so
isn't there like an extreme incentive
especially if you're a private school
am i unraveling the whole system
accidentally it's not my intention but
isn't there an extreme extent extreme
incentive to give a child you know over
let's say a teenager I'm not trying to
say to you no 17 year olds or children
but you get the idea a higher mark than
they deserve thus giving them a better
chance of getting into a you know a
university that's more prestigious and
that's raising the pedigree of the
school and giving the school a better
chance to secure you know more more
parents that want to send their kids
there and I guess you know what in a way
I think I'm in advertently answered my
own question because in the u.s. you
also have SATs and stuff like that which
are not taking standardized tests are
not taking really to get into Canadian
universities so not saying is the
perfect solution but I understand the
value of standardized testing because
I'm going to be honest I think I went to
a school that was kind of easy I have a
lot of self confidence about my own
intelligence and I think I have a very
frank view of my own intelligence I
don't think I'm particularly book smart
necessarily but I think I do have a
width so I'm not saying like my whole
identity is caught up in the fact that I
was on the honor roll in high school or
something like that but I do think that
my high school when I hear other people
talk about their high school experience
I'm like ours is Lee if you like showed
up and did like three-quarters of the
homework you're going to get an A unless
you really really mess up if you hand in
like everything and you study for the
exam you're probably gonna get an A so I
always wondered if like you know I
applied for school and like yo
matriculating from you know middle of
nowhere high school it's northern lying
with these marks and then you got like
oh this guy went to the Albert Einstein
you
Oh school for the gifted in downtown
Toronto but his marks are slightly lower
you know I mean I get it you you look at
everything when it's a well-rounded
application with an essay and stuff like
that but still always wondered if they
could like apply a factor it's not like
you know when you're high schools
advertising to parents they're going to
be like you know hey six of our
graduating class from last year went to
Ivy League schools they're not going to
be like four years ago all the people
who went to Ivy League schools were
proven to be woefully underprepared
because that he got overinflated marks
in high school I don't know I mean maybe
I'm talking out of my butt now but I'm
just I'm just interested it's one of
those things I'm interested to know I'm
the sausage-making if you will I'll just
take this I don't want to double it
because we're about to go down to the
chest by the way we'll get a lot further
as an Internet community here if you
only answer if you know because I know
that there's a temptation I'm going to
I'm going to teach you the most valuable
lesson that I know from a social
standpoint I mean this sincerely as an
adult it's super okay to not know
everything would you as a child you
teacher asks you questions there's no
such thing as rhetorical questions until
you have like eleventh grade right let's
I miss not okay I mean I don't really
want to double any of these anyway I
certainly don't want to take Plan C but
what I mean to suggest is just that you
know something we have this conversation
a lot on conversations like this a lot
on the NLS s we ask the question the
other day
is the Dalai Lama allowed to masturbate
and people were like oh well why
wouldn't he be it's just a human thing
and you're like no no you don't
understand there's like there's rules
I'm not saying he doesn't break the
rules what I'm saying is I don't know
mr. Lama personally maybe he does maybe
doesn't but is he supposed to I guess is
I mean though then it's another question
is anybody supposed to
why not but seems like we're getting
sidetracked here what I want is not like
I heard what I want is I work at the
Registrar's Office and this is how we do
it it is how we do it kind of struck out
with a lot of these crooked penny plays
here um anyway I think I've gotten my
point across well enough we already a
bookworm got so many books so many books
and bombs this is a books and bombs
around dude terrible name for a cafe
just just god-awful name for a cafe even
if you're like well what if the bombs
were Jaeger bombs that's so much worse I
don't want to go to a combination
bookstore slash frat house I'm 28 years
old I can't do a Jager Bomb
I don't wear tight shirts okay more
power to you if you got the games
I'm not a jagerbomb sort of guy I'm a do
you have anything that comes in a more
happy variety than this sort of guy kind
of guy who wears the hoodies in the
summer you know for comfort and
convenience sun's out guns out no sun's
out so we shouldn't say sun's out hoods
up because it's kind of you take that
definitely the wrong way but
sun's out zip zippers down no also
pretty bad in the summertime window
zippers down not in that way in the
hoodie context in the summertime over
dressing as a different turn of phrase
uma Thurman I'm I'll be taking ten
showers every day
I don't understand temperature and I
mean this is where I come face-to-face
with the knowledge of my own
intelligence but I don't understand
temperature because like I'm always too
hot so what I do is I turn up we have
air conditioning thankfully life's
pretty good so I turn up the AC to the
point where I feel comfortable wearing a
sweatshirt it might put a sweatshirt on
my wife is like teeth chattering and
she's like why is the temperature so low
and I'm like I'll just put a sweater on
it's July
she's very right but I don't know I just
feel comfortable that way it's also the
same way we're like even if I'm super
hot you know I get it so would like the
FPS ha ha ha but even if I'm like
overheating
I have to sleep with the blanket on it's
just more comfortable she's like you
know you starting to sweat why don't you
just take the blanket off and like it's
not that easy some kind of evolutionary
thing I'm not gonna do it because I
don't want to I'm just going to be
honest with you I'm sorry void it was a
fun run nonetheless that bid had also
run its course hey for now thanks for
watching it because I've enjoyed the
episode if you think click the like
button how's that a great deal of course
subscribe if you want to see more in the
future but for now thanks for watching
and I will see you next time